The method used to determine the optimal burn pattern for the
Tiangong-1 was essentially a brute force search on a 3 dimensional
space. The decayed and desired orbits were propagated for one orbit
each, and the true anomaly of the starting and endpoints were varied
initially over the range 0-2*pi. The time of flight between points was
varied over a wide range, roughly 0-3 orbital periods (about 1.5-4.5
hours).

At each point in the search space, a corresponding set of initial and
final vector positions were generated from the orbital elements of
each orbit. These two vectors, along with the time of flight (and
approximate number of revolutions, based on the decayed orbit's
period), were fed to a Lambert solver (via Izzo and Lancaster,
Blanchard & Gooding) to find the corresponding velocities to the arc
between them. From these velocities was subtracted the orbital
velocity at the corresponding point in the orbit (for decayed and
desired, each) as:

dV1 = V1_Lambert - V_decayed;
dV2 = V2_Lambert - V_desired;

These impulsive delta velocities were stored, and the combination of
their magnitudes was used as the "cost function" of the search. After
searching over the entire design space, the search mesh was refined
iteratively (manually) to enclose a smaller and smaller region of the
design space, until a suitable convergence was reached. (It's
important to note that the convergence was "my own personal getting
tired of getting more zoomed in" and not any real convergence on
relative differences).

The results were then written to text file and plots made of the cost
function in the zoomed interval around the optimum point. 
